GCP has "better documentation" and "cheaper" in terms of VMs and storage
on the other hand AWS has offers a lot more features, configuration options and products than GCP does, 
and you may benefit from some of them. Also AWS releases products at a much faster speed

1. In GCP VPC are global like s3 in AWS
2. In Google cloud services, data transmission is a fully encrypted format on the other hand, in AWS, data transmission is in the general format.
3. Pricing	Per hour basis	in AWS & in GCP it is Per-minute basis
4. Containers	AWS(Docker, Kubernetes) & GCP(	Kubernetes Only)

#Why AWS?
Here are the important pros/benefits of selecting AWS web services:

Amazon Web Services (AWS) offers easy deployment process for an app
You should opt for AWS when you have DevOps teams who can configure and manage the infrastructure
You have very little time to spend on the deployment of a new version of your web or mobile app.
AWS web service is an ideal option when your project needs high computing power
Helps you to improve the productivity of the application development team
A range of automated functionalities including the configuration, scaling, setup, and others
It is a cost-effective service that allows you to pay only for what you use, without any up-front or long-term commitments.
AWS allows organizations to use the already familiar programming models, operating systems, databases, and architectures.
You are allowed cloud access quickly with limitless capacity.

#why GCP?
Offers higher productivity gained through Quick Access to innovation
Employees can work from Anywhere
Future-Proof infrastructure
It provides a serverless environment which allows you to connect cloud services with a large focus mainly on the microservices architecture.
Offers Powerful Data Analytics
Cost-efficiency due to long-term discounts
Big Data and Machine Learning products
Offers Instance and payment configuration

#Features of AWS
Important features of Amazon Web Services (AWS) are:

Total Cost of Ownership is very low compared to any private/dedicated servers.
Offers Centralized Billing and management
Offers Hybrid Capabilities
Allows you to deploy your application in multiple regions around the world with just a few clicks

#Features of Google Cloud
Important features of Google Cloud are:

Constantly including more Language & OS.
A better UI helps you to improves user experience.
Offers an on-demand self-service
Broad network access
Resource pooling and Rapid elasticity


